Nginx server is a popular web server provided reverse proxies and cache for your static resources. it is reliable and secure. for addition protection against access without granted clients, you can use directives from Nginx link module require clients include a specific hashed string in the URL of the assert they are requesting.

base using:

There are two available modes can do same protect.  the more flexible method is be enabled by directives 'secure_link' and 'secure_link_md5'. The 'secure_link' directive defines a string with variables from which the checksum value and lifetime of a link will be extracted.The checksum value extracted from the string is compared with the MD5 hash value of the expression defined by the 'secure_link_md5' directive.if the checksums are different.the '$secure_link' variable is set to an empty string.if the checksums are same ,the link lifetime is checked.if the link has a limited lifetime and time has expired ,the '$secure_link' is set to '0'.otherwise,it is set to '1'.

    location  /jweb/ {
       secure_link $arg_lt,$arg_e;
       secure_link_md5 secret$arg_e$uri;
       if ($secure_link = ""){
          return 403;
         }
       if ($secure_link = "0"){
          return 410;
         }
       root /usr/share/nginx/html;
       index  index.html index.htm;
    }
    
   As above sample show jweb content root must pass lt and e arguments.if you requesting URL is [https://sawied.top/jweb/index.html?lt=5_LVuXA1R1rQo2C2WN2aOw&e=1530547200](http://sawied.top/jweb/index.html),then the link restricts access. the limited lifetime is 'July-03-2018 00:00' ,the expiration time is set in seconds since Epoch (Thu, 01 Jan 1970 00:00:00 GMT).you can obtain the value by command `date -d "2018-07-03 00:00" +%s`.
hash value be generated by command `echo -n 'secret1530547200/jweb/index.html' | openssl md5 -binary | openssl base64 | tr +/ -_ | tr -d =`  .
* The openssl md5 command with -binary option generates the MD5 hash in binary format.
* The openssl base64 command applies Base64 encoding to the hashed value.
* The tr commands replace the plus sign(+) with the hyphen ( - ) and the slash ( / ) with the underscore ( _ ), and delete the equal sign ( = ) from the encoded value.

If the URL includes the correct MD5 hash, the response is 200 OK .
If the MD5 hash is incorrect, the response is 403 Forbidden.